profile/README.md, before:

## We are changing tech by helping early-career developers get jobs

**Tech is broken.** What other industry considers “entry-level” to be someone with 2 or 3 years of experience?
What other industry so systematically excludes women and people of color from its ranks?

At the same time, **breaking into tech can be life changing.** It’s not uncommon for someone to double their
previous salary within a year or two of getting that first tech job.

**The Collab Lab exists to help early-career developers,** especially ones from historically excluded groups,
land that first job in tech. We do that by providing remote, collaborative project practice where developers
are mentored by professionals in the field. We augment the project work with targeted career advice and
feedback to help developers get and do well in tech interviews.

**We run 4 cohorts per year,** kicking off new teams in January, April, July, and October. Our developers come in
with a baseline of skills in [React.js](https://reactjs.org) and an eagerness to learn how professional software
teams collaborate. Over the course of our 8-week projects, they pair program, submit
[pull requests (PRs)](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests),
both give and receive code reviews, demo their work on a weekly basis, and contribute to retrospectives where their
team improves how they work together.

Our mentors range from recent alums of our program to engineering leaders with 20+ years of experience in the
industry. You can see [all of the developers who have been a part of The Collab Lab over the years](https://the-collab-lab.codes/developers/) on our website.

_If you are…_

- **An early-career developer:** Welcome! [Apply to be part of a future cohort!](https://the-collab-lab.codes/apply/)
- **A professional web developer or engineering leader:** Consider [becoming a mentor](https://the-collab-lab.codes/volunteer/)!
- **A tech recruiter:** Hire [our alums](https://the-collab-lab.codes/developers/)! They are truly some of the strongest early-career developers you will encounter!
- **Someone who just appreciates what we do:** Consider [donating to help us cover our operating costs](https://the-collab-lab.codes/about-us/) (The Collab Lab is 100% volunteer-driven and free for participants!)

_All activities run by or sponsored by The Collab Lab are governed by [our Code of Conduct](https://the-collab-lab.codes/code-of-conduct/)._

Commit message:

Add participants collage to the readme

profile/README.md, after:

## We are changing tech by helping early-career developers get jobs

**Tech is broken.** What other industry considers “entry-level” to be someone with 2 or 3 years of experience?
What other industry so systematically excludes women and people of color from its ranks?

At the same time, **breaking into tech can be life changing.** It’s not uncommon for someone to double their
previous salary within a year or two of getting that first tech job.

**The Collab Lab exists to help early-career developers,** especially ones from historically excluded groups,
land that first job in tech. We do that by providing remote, collaborative project practice where developers
are mentored by professionals in the field. We augment the project work with targeted career advice and
feedback to help developers get and do well in tech interviews.

**We run 4 cohorts per year,** kicking off new teams in January, April, July, and October. Our developers come in
with a baseline of skills in [React.js](https://reactjs.org) and an eagerness to learn how professional software
teams collaborate. Over the course of our 8-week projects, they pair program, submit
[pull requests (PRs)](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests),
both give and receive code reviews, demo their work on a weekly basis, and contribute to retrospectives where their
team improves how they work together.

Our mentors range from recent alums of our program to engineering leaders with 20+ years of experience in the
industry. You can see [all of the developers who have been a part of The Collab Lab over the years](https://the-collab-lab.codes/developers/) on our website.

_If you are…_

- **An early-career developer:** Welcome! [Apply to be part of a future cohort!](https://the-collab-lab.codes/apply/)
- **A professional web developer or engineering leader:** Consider [becoming a mentor](https://the-collab-lab.codes/volunteer/)!
- **A tech recruiter:** Hire [our alums](https://the-collab-lab.codes/developers/)! They are truly some of the strongest early-career developers you will encounter!
- **Someone who just appreciates what we do:** Consider [donating to help us cover our operating costs](https://the-collab-lab.codes/about-us/) (The Collab Lab is 100% volunteer-driven and free for participants!)

![multi-colored collage of photos of past collab lab participants](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4306/210125281-c2a5e8f1-5330-4e38-b696-61a539b26621.jpg)

_All activities run by or sponsored by The Collab Lab are governed by [our Code of Conduct](https://the-collab-lab.codes/code-of-conduct/)._
